docs: add D2xx, FT8U2xxA, FT2xxB, FT2232 docs. (#3)
wanda-phi/prjspeedbump: docs/src/ft232b.md

# FT232B and FT245B

The second generation of fixed-function D2xx devices, an upgrade to FT8U232A and FT8U245A.  The devices are:

- FT232BM: UART mode, 32-pin LQFP
- FT232BL: UART mode, 32-pin LQFP (lead-free version)
- FT232BQ: UART mode, 32-pin QFN
- FT245BM: FIFO mode, 32-pin LQFP
- FT245BL: FIFO mode, 32-pin LQFP (lead-free version)

Both FT232B and FT245B look exactly the same from the software perspective, and in fact may or may not be the same silicon.

Features:

- is a full-speed USB 1.1 peripherial
- single channel D2xx device, hardwired to either UART or FIFO base mode

>   - can be set to an alternate mode: async bitbang

Reviewer: "async bitbang" should be a link to a page about it (even if it probably just says TODO for now)

Author: well then, created a bunch more stubs and linked them everywhere

- 384-byte IN FIFO, 128-byte OUT FIFO
- 48MHz internal base clock, generated from 6MHz crystal
- 5V VCC supply for internal circuitry
- separate 3.3V or 5V VCCIO supply for business-end IO
- separate AGND and AVCC 5V supply for the clock multiplier
- internal 3.3V LDO
- internal power-on reset circuit
- required external support circuitry:
  - USB D+ pullup
  - decoupling capacitor for internal LDO
  - 6MHz crystal or external clock
  - optionally, a 93C46 64×16-bit EEPROM; a 93C56 or 93C66 is also acceptable, but the device will not be able to access the extra space

On reset, the device samples the value of the EESK pin to determine the default VID:PID that will be used unless configured otherwise by the EEPROM.  The default VID:PID is:

> - `0403:6001` if EESK is high (or tristated, as the device has weak internal pullup)

Reviewer: maybe

```suggestion
- `0403:6001` if EESK is high (or left floating, as the device has weak internal pullup)
```

> - `0403:6004` if EESK is low and device is FT232B

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `0403:6004` if EESK is low and the device is an FT232B
```

| 9              | power    | GND      | GND      |
| 10             | IO       | SLEEP#   | PWREN#   |
| 11             | IO       | RXLED#   | SI/WU#   |
| 12             | IO       | TXLED#   | RXF#     |
| 13             | power    | VCCIO    | VCCIO    |
| 14             | IO       | PWRCTL   | TXE#     |
| 15             | IO       | PWREN#   | WR       |
| 16             | IO       | TXDEN    | RD#      |
| 17             | power    | GND      | GND      |
| 18             | IO       | RI#      | D7       |
| 19             | IO       | DCD#     | D6       |
| 20             | IO       | DSR#     | D5       |
| 21             | IO       | DTR#     | D4       |
| 22             | IO       | CTS#     | D3       |
| 23             | IO       | RTS#     | D2       |
| 24             | IO       | RXD      | D1       |
| 25             | IO       | TXD      | D0       |
| 26             | power    | VCC      | VCC      |
| 27             | clock    | XTIN     | XTIN     |
| 28             | clock    | XTOUT    | XTOUT    |
| 29             | power    | AGND     | AGND     |
| 30             | power    | AVCC     | AVCC     |
| 31             | control  | TEST     | TEST     |

> | 32             | EEPROM   | EECS     | EECS     |

Reviewer: At some point it would be nice to color-code the "category" column. Also, on the pins that share the same function, `colspan` to make that more visible.

But that's effort that can be left for later.

Author: not really feasible with stock mdbook; could be doable with a custom preprocessor if we really want this
